https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-savetext,hyper-savetext,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-star-wars,hyper-star-wars,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://vercel.com/home,Now,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperganymede,hyperganymede,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-firewatch,hyper-firewatch,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperhue,hyperhue,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-one-light,hyper-one-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-atom-dark-transparent,hyper-atom-dark-transparent,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-flat-2,hyper-flat-2,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-city-lights,hyper-city-lights,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-spacegray,hyperterm-spacegray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-bold-tab,hyperterm-bold-tab,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-sierra,hyper-sierra,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-systray,hyper-systray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-papercolor,hyper-papercolor,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-summon,hyperterm-summon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-horizon,hyperterm-horizon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypergravity,hypergravity,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperalfred,hyperalfred,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-autohide-tabs,hyper-autohide-tabs,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperduck,hyperduck,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-flat,hyper-flat,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hide-title,hyper-hide-title,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-overlay,hyper-overlay,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-cobalt2-theme,hyperterm-cobalt2-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-window-size,hyper-window-size,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-snazzy,hyper-snazzy,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-install-devtools,hyperterm-install-devtools,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-materialshell,hyper-materialshell,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: timeout('The read operation timed out') | reason: 
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-white-theme,hyper-white-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-tomorrow-night,hyperterm-tomorrow-night,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-clean,hyper-clean,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-aurora,hyper-aurora,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-statusline-extended,hyper-statusline-extended,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-earthsong,hyperterm-earthsong,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-paste,hyperterm-paste,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-peacock,hyper-peacock,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypernasa,hypernasa,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-hybrid,hyperterm-hybrid,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/space-pull,space-pull,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-aww,hyper-aww,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperinator,hyperinator,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-frontend-delight,hyper-frontend-delight,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tab-icons,hyper-tab-icons,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-quit,hyper-quit,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperminimal,hyperminimal,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-colors,hyperterm-colors,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/is-hyper,is-hyper,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-media-control,hyper-media-control,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-dark,hyper-solarized-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-midnight,hyper-midnight,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-ubuntu-theme,hyperterm-ubuntu-theme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-zenburn,hyper-zenburn,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-lastpass,hyperterm-lastpass,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-cobalt-next,hyper-cobalt-next,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-electron-highlighter,hyper-electron-highlighter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-pokemon,hyper-pokemon,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypernpm,hypernpm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperocean,hyperocean,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-light-drifter,hyperterm-light-drifter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-wal,hyper-wal,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-bloodbath,hyper-bloodbath,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-gruv,hyper-gruv,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu,hyper-ayu,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-drop-file,hyper-drop-file,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-autoprofile,hyper-autoprofile,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/config-hyperterm,config-hyperterm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-confirm,hyper-confirm,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpower,hyperpower,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-drifter,hyperterm-dark-drifter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-monochrome,hyper-monochrome,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-ultrasweet,hyperterm-ultrasweet,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-zigorat,hyper-zigorat,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://npmjs.com/package/hyper-media-control,,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-startup,hyper-startup,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpanic,hyperpanic,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypertheme,hypertheme,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hover-header,hyper-hover-header,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-postprocessing,hyper-postprocessing,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-polarbear,hyper-polarbear,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-material-spacegray,hyperterm-material-spacegray,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hybrid-reduced-contrast,hyper-hybrid-reduced-contrast,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu-light,hyper-ayu-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-electron-highlighter,hyperterm-electron-highlighter,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperfullscreen,hyperfullscreen,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-tabs-enhanced,hyper-tabs-enhanced,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-match,hyper-match,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperambient,hyperambient,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/htyt,htyt,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-fusion,hyperterm-dark-fusion,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-criollo,hyper-criollo,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-fileio,hyper-fileio,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperpunk,hyperpunk,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-blink,hyper-blink,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-transparent,hyper-transparent,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-light,hyper-solarized-light,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/git-falcon9,git-falcon9,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-material,hyperterm-material,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-hypest,hyper-hypest,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ramda,hyper-ramda,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-firewatch,hyperterm-firewatch,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-ayu-light-special,hyper-ayu-light-special,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-arc-dark-controls,hyper-arc-dark-controls,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-crosshair,hyperterm-crosshair,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperatompunk,hyperatompunk,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-monokai-deluxe,hyper-monokai-deluxe,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-dark-macos,hyperterm-dark-macos,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hypersolar-dark,hypersolar-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperborder,hyperborder,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-history,hyper-history,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-solarized-one,hyper-solarized-one,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-mild-dark,hyperterm-mild-dark,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-mac-controls,hyper-mac-controls,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyper-moonlite,hyper-moonlite,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-deep-space,hyperterm-deep-space,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests
https://www.npmjs.com/package/hyperterm-adventurous,hyperterm-adventurous,https://github.com/bnb/awesome-hyper#readme,Hyper error: <HTTPError 429: 'Too Many Requests'> | reason: Too Many Requests