http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/maptree/index.html,maptree,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/tm/index.html,tm,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RCurl/index.html,RCurl,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/xkcd/index.html,xkcd,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ipred/index.html,ipred,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/GAMBoost/index.html,GAMBoost,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/latentnet/index.html,latentnet,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rgenoud/index.html,rgenoud,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/mcmc/index.html,mcmc,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RWeka/index.html,RWeka,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RColorBrewer/index.html,RColorBrewer,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/penalizedLDA/index.html,penalizedLDA,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Cubist/index.html,Cubist,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/mboost/index.html,mboost,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/arules/index.html,arules,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/penalizedSVM/index.html,penalizedSVM,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/XML/index.html,XML,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/kernlab/index.html,kernlab,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/mvpart/index.html,mvpart,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rgp/index.html,rgp,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/openNLP/index.html,openNLP,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/klaR/index.html,klaR,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/gamboostLSS/index.html,gamboostLSS,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/spdep/index.html,spdep,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/bigrf/index.html,bigrf,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ncvreg/index.html,ncvreg,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/gbm/index.html,gbm,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/koRpus/index.html,koRpus,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/tnet/index.html,tnet,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/e1071/index.html,e1071,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RXshrink/index.html,RXshrink,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/xml2/index.html,xml2,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/bigRR/index.html,bigRR,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/nnet/index.html,nnet,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Rmalschains/index.html,Rmalschains,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/bmrm/index.html,bmrm,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/zipfR/index.html,zipfR,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/quantregForest/index.html,quantregForest,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/earth/index.html,earth,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sda/index.html,sda,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/SDDA/index.html,SDDA,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/elasticnet/index.html,elasticnet,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rminer/index.html,rminer,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/NLP/index.html,NLP,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/glmnet/index.html,glmnet,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/kohonen/,kohonen,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/randomForest/index.html,randomForest,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Boruta/index.html,Boruta,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/oblique.tree/index.html,oblique.tree,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/GWmodel/,GWmodel,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/lars/index.html,lars,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/subsemble/index.html,subsemble,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ElemStatLearn/index.html,ElemStatLearn,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/topicmodels/index.html,topicmodels,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/bst/index.html,bst,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/glmpath/index.html,glmpath,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/promises/index.html,promises,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/pamr/index.html,pamr,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/randomForestSRC/index.html,randomForestSRC,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/lasso2/index.html,lasso2,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/GMMBoost/index.html,GMMBoost,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/survival/index.html,survival,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/party/index.html,party,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ROCR/index.html,ROCR,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rattle/index.html,rattle,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/logging/index.html,logging,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/grplasso/index.html,grplasso,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/syuzhet/index.html,syuzhet,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/evtree/index.html,evtree,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/LiblineaR/index.html,LiblineaR,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/forecast/index.html,forecast,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/svmpath/index.html,svmpath,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/partykit/index.html,partykit,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rda/index.html,rda,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/grpreg/index.html,grpreg,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/C50/index.html,C50,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/caret/index.html,caret,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/nlme/index.html,nlme,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/wbstats/index.html,wbstats,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/penalized/index.html,penalized,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/h2o/index.html,h2o,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rdetools/index.html,rdetools,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/forecastHybrid/index.html,forecastHybrid,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/tgp/index.html,tgp,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RoughSets/index.html,RoughSets,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/CORElearn/index.html,CORElearn,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/tree/index.html,tree,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/glmmTMB/index.html,glmmTMB,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/hda/index.html,hda,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/varSelRF/index.html,varSelRF,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rpart/index.html,rpart,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/FSelector/index.html,FSelector,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/LogicReg/index.html,LogicReg,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/CoxBoost/index.html,CoxBoost,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/REEMtree/index.html,REEMtree,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/relaxo/index.html,relaxo,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RPMM/index.html,RPMM,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/frbs/index.html,frbs,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RSNNS/index.html,RSNNS,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Rsomoclu/index.html,Rsomoclu,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/genetics/index.html,genetics,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/gap/index.html,gap,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ape/index.html,ape,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/pheatmap/index.html,pheatmap,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/network/index.html,network,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sna/index.html,sna,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/networkDynamic/,networkDynamic,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ndtv/,ndtv,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ergm/index.html,ergm,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/views/HighPerformanceComputing.html,parallel,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/multicore/index.html,multicore,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/snow/index.html,snow,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Rmpi/index.html,Rmpi,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/foreach/index.html,foreach,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/package=future,future,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://mcmcpack.berkeley.edu/,MCMCpack,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: <HTTPError 403: 'Forbidden'> | reason: Forbidden
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/R2WinBUGS/index.html,R2WinBUGS,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/BRugs/index.html,BRugs,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rjags/index.html,rjags,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/package=batchtools,batchtools,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RODBC/,RODBC,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RMySQL/,RMySQL,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ROracle/index.html,ROracle,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/views/,CRAN Task Views,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Baggott-refcard-v2.pdf,R Reference Card 2.0,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/doc/contrib/Ricci-refcard-regression.pdf,Regression Analysis Refcard,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/plot3Drgl/index.html,plot3Drgl,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RSQLite/,RSQLite,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RJDBC/,RJDBC,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/RCassandra/index.html,RCassandra,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/ahaz/index.html,ahaz,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://www.statistik.lmu.de/~leisch/Sweave/,Sweave,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: <HTTPError 404: 'Not Found'> | reason: Not Found
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/brew/index.html,brew,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rJava/,rJava,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rJython/index.html,rJython,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rPython/index.html,rPython,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/TTR/index.html,TTR,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/PerformanceAnalytics/index.html,PerformanceAnalytics,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/zoo/index.html,zoo,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/xts/index.html,xts,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/tseries/index.html,tseries,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/fAssets/index.html,fAssets,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://gexf.net/format/,GEXF,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: <HTTPError 404: 'Not Found'> | reason: Not Found
https://cran.r-project.org/web/views/Spatial.html,CRAN Task View: Analysis of Spatial Data,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/sf/index.html,sf,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/coda/index.html,coda,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://ff.r-forge.r-project.org/,ff,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/biglm/index.html,biglm,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rgeos/index.html,rgeos,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rgdal/index.html,rgdal,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/maptools/index.html,maptools,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rgl/index.html,rgl,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/Cairo/index.html,Cairo,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/R.matlab/index.html,R.matlab,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/misc3d/index.html,misc3d,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/xtable/index.html,xtable,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
http://www.omegahat.org/RSPerl/,RSPerl,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: <HTTPError 404: 'Not Found'> | reason: Not Found
https://cran.r-project.org/doc/manuals/R-intro.pdf,An Introduction to R,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/manuals.html,CRAN,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://cran.r-project.org/other-docs.html,CRAN Contributed Docs,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://www.r-project.org/conferences.html,R Project Conferences,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: <HTTPError 404: 'Not Found'> | reason: Not Found
https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/kableExtra/vignettes/awesome_table_in_html.html,kable,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known
https://www.packtpub.com/big-data-and-business-intelligence/learning-r-programming,Learning R Programming,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: <HTTPError 302: 'The HTTP server returned a redirect error that would lead to an infinite loop.\nThe last 30x error message was:\nFound'> | reason: The HTTP server returned a redirect error that would lead to an infinite loop.
The last 30x error message was:
Found
http://www.rworld.news/blog/,R World News,https://github.com/qinwf/awesome-R#readme,R error: URLError(gaierror(8, 'nodename nor servname provided, or not known')) | reason: [Errno 8] nodename nor servname provided, or not known